Allow setting sql_mode via config (#9721)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/04_Changelogs/4.7.0.md

reducing the size of affected fields. If none of these solutions are currently suitable, you can
remove the new collation configuration to default back to the previous default collation.

### MySQL connection mode now configurable

> MySQL versions >=5.7.5 the `ANSI` sql_mode setting behaves differently and includes the `ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY` setting. In most cases it is recommended to leave this setting as-is because it results in deterministic SQL. However for some advanced cases the sql_mode can be configured on the database connection via the configuration API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MySQL versions >=5.7.5, the `ANSI` sql_mode setting behaves differently and includes the `ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY` setting. It is generally recommended to leave this setting as-is because it results in deterministic SQL. However, for some advanced cases, the sql_mode can now be configured on the database connection via the configuration API (see `MySQLDatabase::$sql_mode` for more details.)
```
